I can't believe it we were so close the
Baron stole the precursor stone right
out from under us and after all of our
planning and hard work torn has betrayed
the cause torn meant well he was
protecting one of our own we must get
that stone back I'm working on it yeah
we're working on it I've underestimated
this barren and no it appears he has
taken the boy as well think what will
the Barons next move be well if I had
the precursor stone with all that power
I use it to build a giant Palace a
palace with the biggest harem of women
the world has ever known and there be a
swimming pool filled to the brim with
chocolate slightly Mindy yeah yeah a
massive pool of gooey chocolate then the
girls and I would jump in together what
I want you to go out to the drill
platform again if you can destroy the
main control tower there it should
temporarily stop the Barons use of eco
to harm us
to get out of the neck
back up to get out of the max
system failure emergency override the
machine
alert back up the emergency override the
backup cooling system failure an
emergency override machine
backup systems